files: rework (#17535)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/install-config/configuration/configuration.mdx

Defaults to `127.0.0.0/8`, `10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`, `fe80::/10`, `::1/128`.

> ## Storage settings

Reviewer: This will help it match better to the name "Flies" in the product UI.

Defaults to `127.0.0.0/8`, `10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`, `fe80::/10`, `::1/128`.

## Storage settings

These settings affect where files are stored. By default, they are stored on disk in the `/data` directory of the authentik container. S3 storage is also supported.

#### `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__BACKEND`

> Where to store files. Valid values are `file` and `s3`. For `file` storage, files are stored in a `/data` directory in the container. For `s3`, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter defines where to store files. Valid values are `file` and `s3`. For `file` storage, files are stored in a `/data` directory in the container. For `s3`, see below.
```

Defaults to `127.0.0.0/8`, `10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`, `fe80::/10`, `::1/128`.

## Storage Settings

These settings affect where files are stored. Files include application and source icons (media), as well as policy and blueprint attachments (reports). By default, files are stored on disk in the `/data` directory of the authentik container. S3-compatible storage is also supported.

### Backend Configuration

- `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__BACKEND`: Storage backend to use. Valid values are `file` and `s3`. Defaults to `file`.

### File Storage (Default)

> When using `file` backend, files are stored in `/data/` in the container with automatic path prefixes based on file type and tenant. No additional configuration is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the value `file` to define the storage type for the backend, files are stored in the `/data/` directory in the server container with automatic path prefixes based on file type and tenant. No additional configuration is required.
```
